# 16-20 October 2023

As a reminder, we are a team from Sport England and FF Studio working together on the Open Funding Pilot.

It will help Sport England try new ways of working and new funding models to enable them to get more people in underserved communities active. It will also show the wider Sport England organisation what delivery looks like if we [shorten feedback cycles](https://www.atlassian.com/blog/productivity/shorten-feedback-loops-reduce-teams-stress).

Weeknotes are a quick recap of the important things a team has done each week, what we’ve learned, and what’s the plan for next week. They also help us work in the open.

## This week:

After 3 weeks of staying focused and pretty closed this was the first week we started to collaborate more widely.

Having made our second prototype, tested some tools and techniques we had a thing for colleagues to critique. Thank you everyone for your patience, attention and feedback. It's appreciated.

### People we spoke with:

* **Cassie got more support with the contracting process from Gaile who is making sure that there are no missteps.** It’s invaluable to understand the what’s, why’s and how's of our legal needs. There is a natural tension with how quickly we are going, the iterative nature of learning our way forward and feeling like all the i’s are dotted and t’s are crossed.


* **Claire and James provided excellent insights into Investment Management.** Now we have a view on how we will collect submissions we can dig into questions about assessment, process and support. Volumes are low so risks feel low - we want to learn from you. We are determined to not be last minute and be completely transparent about what we are doing.

* **Jess from The First Service Team gracefully shared their primary research on what pain points exists for Locally Trust Organisations..** We are trying to learn how to avoid them!

* **We caught up with Robert and James to learn about the Investment Processing System.** Our timelines don’t quite match but it’s good to keep it in mind as we learn. Finally we met Jo this week and we are much more confident about where RFI stop and we start.


### Decisions we made this week:

* **The OFP will allow uploading of audio or video files as an alternative to text field**, primarily to broaden access. Concerns around bias can be addressed in the existing assessor workflow using our usual  procedures. Concerns about incompleteness of audio answers will be handled the same way as we will for text answers: assessor can send follow up questions if they need to
* **But we're not turning the *whole* form into an audio/video form**, because some questions need written answers (eg addresses), and it would make the whole form much longer, which feels like a poor user experience.
* **The OFP backend will be Microsoft Excel**, not Google Sheets, because Microsoft Enterprise suite has already been vetted by SE for data protection/legal.
* **RFI teams will handle the Strategic Partnership "Nos" and point organisations at us**, because applicants are gradually being assessed. This also means that organisations will be invited to apply for OFP in parallel to Strategic Partnership.
* **"Open Funding Pilot" should probably be renamed so it's clearer to applicants**. It's a good internal project name, but a potentially confusing one because this funding is not actually open. The service doesn't need to be named OF pilot because no-one has committed to that in previous comms.


## Next Week:

We’re performing user research with 3 organisations' physical activity. We’re aiming to test the usability of the form, explore ways to increase equity and devolve power to communities, and understand best practices in modern funding and assess our form against those principles.

We’ve set up mini-Show & Tells to really have the chance to spend valuable Q&A time with our colleagues from Relationship Framework Implementation, Open Funding, and other key stakeholders like Lizzie H, Alison H and Nick P.



Previous week notes are [here](https://openfundingpilot.ff.studio/open-funding-pilot/)
